[DOCS] Robotics AI Suite Humanoid PTL BKC and automated scripts update (#3359)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: robotics-ai-suite/docs/embodied/get-started/installation/rt_linux.md

```bash
swapoff -a
```
### Stop Unnecessary Services

> Many services run in the background, by default, on Linux. Stopping services may reduce spurious interrupts depending on the workload type. To list the loaded services, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, by default, many services run in the background. Stopping services may reduce spurious interrupts depending on the workload type. To list the loaded services, run the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

```bash
systemctl -t service
```

To stop a service, run the following command (where \<service\> is the name a service):

> **Warning:** Stopping system services can be detrimental to the stability of the Linux system. Be sure you understand the implications before stopping a service. e.g.

```bash
#systemctl stop <service>
systemctl stop fwupd-refresh.timer fwupd.service snapd.socket snapd.service
```

### Prevent integrated graphics from changing power states

The Intel integrated graphics engine manages power and frequency, which impacts latency for real-time workloads. 

> Intel® Graphics Render Standby Technology (Intel® GRST), RC6, or RC6+ adjusts the integrated graphics engine's voltage very low, or very close to zero when the system is asleep. In some cases, RC6 has caused latency spikes in real-time workloads. Therefore, RC6 should be disabled to improve real-time performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel® Graphics Render Standby Technology (Intel® GRST), RC6, or RC6+ adjusts the integrated graphics engine's voltage very low, or close to zero, when the system is asleep. In some cases, RC6 has caused latency spikes in real-time workloads. Therefore, RC6 should be disabled to improve real-time performance.
```

<!--hide_directive::::{tab-set}hide_directive-->
<!--hide_directive:::{tab-item}hide_directive--> **i915**

Because of the way the Linux i915 graphics driver handles RC6, this feature must be disabled in both the BIOS and in the i915 Linux graphics driver. Refer to Table 5, which describes RC6 disabling in the BIOS. The Linux command-line interface command used to disable RC6 are shown below:

```bash
cat /proc/cmdline | grep rc6
i915.enable_rc6=0
```

```bash
echo 0 > /sys/class/drm/card0/gt_rc6_enable
```

<!--hide_directive:::hide_directive-->
<!--hide_directive:::{tab-item}hide_directive-->  **Xe**

> Xe driver doesn’t support disable RC6. So there is no parameter for it. Try below methods to hold forcewake so that GT will always ON. Keep the debugfs file descriptor by letting a long‑lived shell process hold it open. Either method works as follow(replace PATH with the real forcewake_all path, e.g. /sys/kernel/debug/dri/0/forcewake_all):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the Xe driver does not support disabling RC6, there is no parameter for it. Try the methods below to hold forcewake so that GT will be always ON. Keep the debugfs file descriptor by letting a long‑lived shell process hold it open. Either method works as follows (replace PATH with the real forcewake_all path, e.g., /sys/kernel/debug/dri/0/forcewake_all):
```

1. Open FD in current shell and keep it:

   ```bash
   exec 3< /sys/kernel/debug/dri/0/forcewake_all
   # FD 3 now holds it; forcewake stays asserted until released
   exec 3<&-
   ```

2. Background sleeper holding it:

   ```bash
   sleep 999999 < /sys/kernel/debug/dri/0/forcewake_all &
   # Kill the sleep to release
   kill -9 pid 
   ```

<!--hide_directive:::hide_directive-->
<!--hide_directive::::hide_directive-->

## Verify Benchmark Performance

> After installing the real-time Linux kernel, it's a good idea to benchmark the system to establish confidence that the system is properly configured. Perform either of the following commands to install [Cyclictest](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/utils/rt-tests/rt-tests.git). Cyclictest is most commonly used for benchmarking real-time systems. It is one of the most frequently used tools for evaluating the relative performance of an RT. Cyclictest accurately and repeatedly measures the difference between a thread's intended wake-up time and the time at which it actually wakes up to provide statistics about the system's latency. It can measure latency in real-time systems caused by the hardware, the firmware, and the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the real-time Linux kernel, it is a good idea to benchmark the system to confirm that the system is properly configured. Perform either of the following commands to install [Cyclictest](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/utils/rt-tests/rt-tests.git). Cyclictest is most commonly used for benchmarking real-time systems. It is one of the most frequently used tools for evaluating the relative performance of an RT. Cyclictest accurately and repeatedly measures the difference between a thread's intended wake-up time and the time at which it actually wakes up to provide statistics about the system's latency. It can measure latency in real-time systems caused by the hardware, the firmware, and the operating system.
```

Reviewer: I am wondering whether we need this whole section extolling the test suite?

> Please use `rt-tests v2.6` to collect performance, which support to pin threads to specific isolated core and avoid main thread in same core with the measurement threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use `rt-tests v2.6` to collect performance, which support pinning threads to a specific isolated core and avoid the main thread in the core with the measurement threads.
```

> Follow with below steps, you can find `cyclictest v2.6` in `rt-tests-2.6`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below (you can find `cyclictest v2.6` in `rt-tests-2.6`):
```

```
### Stop Unnecessary Services

> On Linux, by default, many services run in the background, by default, on Linux. Stopping services may reduce spurious interrupts depending on the workload type. To list the loaded services, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: 'by default... by default'

Author: ah good catch

Author: Fixed
